Understanding the problem
The error "Failed to load module script: Expected a JavaScript module script but the server responded with a MIME type of 'application/octet-stream'" indicates that the browser attempted to load a JavaScript module (.js file), but the server sent it with an incorrect MIME type. The browser expects JavaScript modules to be served with a MIME type of text/javascript or application/javascript to correctly interpret them as JavaScript modules. application/octet-stream is a generic MIME type for binary data, which the browser treats differently from executable code.

How to verify
Open DevTools Network Tab: Navigate to the "Network" tab in Chrome DevTools.
Reload the Page: Refresh the page to capture the network requests.
Locate the Script: Find the JavaScript module file that the error message mentioned.
Check the Headers: Select the failed request and examine the "Headers" section.
Verify MIME Type: Look for the Content-Type field in the response headers. If it's application/octet-stream, it confirms the server is sending the incorrect MIME type.
Suggested fix
The issue is on the server-side, where the configuration for serving .js files needs to be corrected. Here's how you can adjust the MIME type, based on common server types:

Apache:

If you're using Apache, modify your .htaccess file or the server configuration file (httpd.conf) to include:

Code

AddType application/javascript .js
Use code snippets with caution

Nginx:

For Nginx, edit your nginx.conf file and add the following within the http block or within a server or location block:

css

types {
    application/javascript js;
}
Use code snippets with caution

Node.js (Express):

If using Node.js with Express, ensure that static files are served with the correct MIME type by configuring the express.static middleware correctly. If you're serving the files directly, ensure to manually set the Content-Type header to application/javascript or text/javascript:

js

const express = require('express');
const path = require('path');
const app = express();

app.use(express.static(path.join(__dirname, 'public')));

// If you are serving the files directly (not via express.static)
app.get('/my-module.js', (req, res) => {
    res.setHeader('Content-Type', 'application/javascript');
    res.sendFile(path.join(__dirname, 'public', 'my-module.js'));
});
Use code snippets with caution

Other server types:

For any other type of server, the mechanism should be quite similar. You should add a new MIME type association or change an existing association so that .js files are served with application/javascript or text/javascript MIME types.

After making the necessary configuration change, restart your server.

Summary
The "Failed to load module script" error is due to the server sending an incorrect MIME type (application/octet-stream) for a JavaScript module. To resolve this, configure your server to send JavaScript files with the correct MIME type (application/javascript or text/javascript). You can verify that you solved the problem by following the steps described in the "How to verify" section above.