Explanation

Understanding the problem
The error message GET https://git-flow-builder-tiagomiguelduar.replit.app/TiagomvDuarte.github.io/assets/index-B2qJTDmU.css net::ERR_ABORTED 404 (Not Found) indicates that the browser attempted to load a CSS file (index-B2qJTDmU.css) from the specified URL but failed because the server responded with a 404 (Not Found) status code. The net::ERR_ABORTED part means that the request was aborted, likely because the resource could not be found. This is a common error that happens when a referenced file is missing or the URL path is incorrect. The server tried to serve this file from the path /TiagomvDuarte.github.io/assets/ but was not successful.

How to verify
Check the file structure: Verify that the CSS file index-B2qJTDmU.css actually exists in the assets folder. If the file is not there, then that would explain why it can't be loaded.
Inspect the Network Tab: Look at the network tab in the Chrome DevTools. Is there a request for this CSS file? Is there a request for any CSS file? If there isn't, this means that the CSS file is not being included in the HTML code. If there is, verify that the URL path is correct.
Check the build process: If you are using a build tool, check if the CSS file is being correctly generated and placed in the correct directory. Verify that this file name was generated in the build process and was not changed manually later.
Check the browser cache: If the file used to exist and was recently deleted, check if the browser cached it. Try to do a hard refresh or clear the browser cache.
Suggested fix
Verify the file's existence: First, ensure the file index-B2qJTDmU.css exists in the correct location within your project, which should be under the assets folder according to the failed path. If the file doesn't exist, it was not correctly generated in the build process. You need to run the build process again.
Correct the file path: Make sure that the file path in the HTML file where the file is referenced is correct. For example, if the HTML file is in the root directory, and you want to include a CSS file from the assets directory, the following change must be made:
Code

<!-- In the HTML file, correct the CSS path -->
<link rel="stylesheet" href="TiagomvDuarte.github.io/assets/index-B2qJTDmU.css">
Use code snippets with caution

to:

Code

<!-- In the HTML file, correct the CSS path -->
<link rel="stylesheet" href="assets/index-B2qJTDmU.css">
Use code snippets with caution

Verify the folder path: It seems that the HTML file that includes the CSS file is trying to access a folder that starts with TiagomvDuarte.github.io. This is most likely an incorrect path, possibly derived from an old version of the code, a previous project, or maybe even a copy-paste mistake. If the assets folder is in the root path, remove TiagomvDuarte.github.io from the url.
Summary
The error net::ERR_ABORTED 404 (Not Found) for the CSS file index-B2qJTDmU.css is because the browser is requesting a resource that doesn't exist at the specified path or the build process didn't generate it. This can be fixed by ensuring the file exists in the assets directory, correcting the file path in the HTML, or correctly generating the file in the build process. Additionally, ensure that there are no erroneous folder names, like TiagomvDuarte.github.io, within your file paths.

Data used to understand this message